---
title: "Terminal7 0.20.0: WebGL powered, improved restore & E2E tests"
date: "2021-6-7"
---

Exciting news! We're back on iPad's testflight with a version that's
faster then ever before.
In iPadOS 15.4 Apple solved the WebGL bug that was crippling many hybrid
apps and frameworks. Terminal7 was no exception. The bug
forced us to go back to "dom mode" where rendering was slow and buggy
and I didn't want to bother you with it.

Praise be the gods as this is now in the past - I've been using WebGL
power for the past couple of weeks and it's very fast. 
Thanks to xtermjs WebGL addon Terminal7 rendering is now accelerated
by the GPU. We've also added "Nerd" fonts for enhaced support to tools
such as `lsd`.

To use Terminal7 you'll need a Mac/Linux/WSL server to work on.
The server needs T7's backend - webexec - installed and running.
webexec runs as a user's agent that listens to connection requests
on port 7777. On a new request the client's fingerprint is checked
against `~/.config/webexec/authorized_tokens` and if it checks, 
webexec starts a PeerConnection to generate an answer and sends it
back to T7. It's a bit slow as it still doesn't work over web sockets and
does not support "Trickle ICE".

On first connection T7 will instruct you on how to install webexec and how
to copy its token.

Another way to connect to a server is through peerbook.io.
PeerBook is a web sockets based signaling server that let's me work on my 
home's desktop from the coffee shop. 
For each user, peerbook stores a list of verified peers between which he 
forwards ICE candidates and setup a direct connection ASAP.
It runs on AWS and has 2FA using email & OTC. It's not production grade
and we can make no guarntees. 

The version has a lot of changes under the hood as well.
To support TypeScript we've revised our toolchest replacing 
webpack, karma, mocha and chai with vite, rollup and
Tests are very fast and local dev is swift. 
We've also refactored the communication layer, laying the ground work 
to support mosh-style running over SSH and plain SSH. 

Before starting the refactoring we've added a testing framework
based on docker-compose and playwright. 
We now have tests the cover communication 
both over direct http connections and over peerbook. Check out the `qa` folder 
and its `README.md`

One eye sore we didn't get around to fix is the flaking log messages window.
If you quit the app when you're connected to a host, when you launch it again
it will start by reconnecting to the server and restoring the layout.
It takes a bit of time and at one point the logs will be hidden and you'll be left
with a blank screen. When it happens you should wait a bit longer and 
gods willing, you'll reconnect successful.
If you're less fortunate you'll get the error pop-up with the reset button.

If T7 hangs or fails to connect you can try quitting the app and starting it
over.
T7 now remembers your last gate and uses there server's memory to restore
the last session. The restore is in Monochrom for now. If you're inside
an editor or using a full screen program like htop you should press good old
CTRL-L to refresh the screen.

If you run into a problem you can re-create, please do and press Cmd-9 to copy
the last 100 lines of log to the clipboard. Now, please press the help button
and post it in our community's discord server.

Enjoy! and if you have any feedback please share on our discord server.
