---
title: "Terminal7 0.20.2: SSH, WebGL power, improved restore & E2E tests"
date: "2021-5-1"
---

Exciting news! We're back on iPad's testflight with a faster version than ever
before. In iPadOS 15.4, Apple solved the WebGL bug that was crippling many
hybrid apps and frameworks. Terminal7 was no exception. The bug forced us to go
back to "dom mode", where rendering was slow and buggy.

Praise be the gods as this is now in the past - I've been using WebGL power for
the past couple of weeks, and it's very fast. Thanks to xtermjs WebGL
addon, Terminal7 rendering is now accelerated by the GPU. We've also added
"Nerd" fonts for enhanced support to tools such as lsd.

To use Terminal7, you'll need a Mac/Linux/WSL server to work on. The server
needs T7's backend - webexec - installed and running. webexec runs as a user's
agent that listens to connection requests on port 7777. On a new request, the
client's fingerprint is checked against ~/.config/webexec/authorized_tokens,
and if it fits, webexec starts a PeerConnection to generate an answer and sends
it back to T7. Unfortunately, it's a bit slow as it still doesn't work over web
sockets and does not support "Trickle ICE".

On the first connection, T7 will instruct you on installing webexec and how to
copy its token.

Another way to connect to a server is through peerbook.io. PeerBook is a web
sockets based signalling server that lets me work on my home's desktop from the
coffee shop. For each user, peerbook stores a list of verified peers between
which he forwards ICE candidates and setup a direct connection ASAP. It runs on
AWS and has 2FA using email & OTC. Unfortunately, it's not production-grade,
and we can make no guarantees. The version has a lot of changes under the hood
as well. To support TypeScript, we've revised our tool chest replacing webpack,
karma, mocha and chai with vite, rollup, and Tests are very fast and local dev
is swift. We've also refactored the communication layer, laying the groundwork
to support mosh-style running over SSH and plain SSH. Before starting the
refactoring, we've added a testing framework based on docker-compose and
playwright. We now have tests the cover communication over direct http
connections and peerbook. Check out the QA folder and its README.md.

One eyesore we didn't get around to fixing is the flaking log messages window.
If you quit the app when you're connected to a host, it will start by
reconnecting to the server and restoring the layout when you relaunch it. It
takes a bit of time, and at one point, the logs will be hidden, and you'll be
left with a blank screen. When it happens, you should wait a bit longer, and
gods willing, you'll reconnect successfully. If you're less fortunate, you'll
get the error pop-up with the reset button.

If T7 hangs or fails to connect, you can try quitting the app and starting it
over. T7 now remembers your last gate and uses there server's memory to restore
the previous session. The restore is in Monochrom for now. If you're inside an
editor or using a full-screen program like htop, you should press good old
CTRL-L to refresh the screen.

If you run into a problem you can re-create, please do and press Cmd-9 to copy
the last 100 lines of the log to the clipboard. Then, please press the help
button and post it on our community's discord server. Enjoy! If you have any
feedback, please share it on our discord server.

