---
title: "Terminal7 1.1 - WebRTC signalling over SSH & CLI"
date: 2022-11-01T00:37:49-03:00
---

Hope this version finds you well. We've added two new big features and 
a few bug fixes. The version requires webexec upgrade so make sure your server
are running webexec =>0.17.10.

## WebRTC signalling over SSH

This one came from [rob](https://youtube.com/c/TechCrafted) and it's about
streamlining security by trickling ICE over SSH. Trickle ICE is the fastest way
for two WebRTC peers to find each others.
To support it we've added a new type of session, a hybrid one. Here's how it flows:

The connect command first starts an SSH session. 
It then opens an SSH channel and tries to run `/usr/local/bin/webexec accept`.
If webexec is not found it falls back to SSH for the rest of the session.

If the command succeeds T7 waits for webexec to send `READY` on the channel,
signaling that a unix socket connection with the local agent is
established. T7 then creates the offer and sends it over the SSH channel. 
It then receives the server's answer and connection
candidates start streaming in full duplex and the ICE is trickling.
When the connection is established, the SSH session is closed and
WebRTC rules the session.

## CLI

TWR now has a bot that accepts a few simple
commands:

`help, add, connect, reset, gate, edit, hide, map, fortune`.

We've refactored the GUI so that almost all actions are shortcuts
to opening TWR and typing a command.
For example, when you hit reset the bots gets the `reset <gate_name>` command.

## Backend
We're also releasing an improved webexec - Version 0.17.10. It adds printing
the `READY` message when the accept commands establishes a connection with 
the local agent over a unix socket. 
To upgrade your server run:

```bash
bash -c "$(curl -sL https://get.webexec.sh)"
```

## Testing

If you have an idea how to make T7 better, please talk to us on the
discord server.
If you find a problem with the new hybrid session please help us fix it by
searching the bug in on our
[issues](https://github.com/tuzig/terminal7/issues).
If you found it please comment with your experience,
If you haven't found it, please feel free to open an issue.
